README.md, before:

<!---
   Copyright 2018 Ericsson AB.
   For a full list of individual contributors, please see the commit history.

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
--->

<img src="./images/logo.png" alt="Eiffel Community Repository Template" width="350"/>

# Eiffel Community Repository Template
This repository serves as a template for [Eiffel Community](https://eiffel-community.github.io) repositories, in order to promote similar process and handling across the community. To create a new repo, first copy the contents of this repo. Then follow the steps in [repo-checklist.md](./repo-checklist.md) before deleting it.

## About this repository
The contents of this repository are licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](./LICENSE).

To get involved, please see [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/eiffel-community/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/eiffel-community/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## About Eiffel
This repository forms part of the Eiffel Community. Eiffel is a protocol for technology agnostic machine-to-machine communication in continuous integration and delivery pipelines, aimed at securing scalability, flexibility and traceability. Eiffel is based on the concept of decentralized real time messaging, both to drive the continuous integration and delivery system and to document it.

Visit [Eiffel Community](https://eiffel-community.github.io) to get started and get involved.

Commit message:

Add section on default community health files
 - Make it easier to find CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md and CONTRIBUTING.md files
   and add an explanation of why they are in a different repository.
 - See also https://github.com/eiffel-community/community/pull/59

README.md, after:

<!---
   Copyright 2018 Ericsson AB.
   For a full list of individual contributors, please see the commit history.

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
--->

<img src="./images/logo.png" alt="Eiffel Community Repository Template" width="350"/>

# Eiffel Community Repository Template
This repository serves as a template for [Eiffel Community](https://eiffel-community.github.io) repositories, in order to promote similar process and handling across the community. To create a new repo, first copy the contents of this repo. Then follow the steps in [repo-checklist.md](./repo-checklist.md) before deleting it.

## Code of Conduct and Contributing
To get involved, please see [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/eiffel-community/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) and [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/eiffel-community/.github/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Note that these files are located in the .github repository. See [this](https://docs.github.com/en/github/building-a-strong-community/creating-a-default-community-health-file) page for further details regarding default community health files.

## About this repository
The contents of this repository are licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](./LICENSE).

## About Eiffel
This repository forms part of the Eiffel Community. Eiffel is a protocol for technology agnostic machine-to-machine communication in continuous integration and delivery pipelines, aimed at securing scalability, flexibility and traceability. Eiffel is based on the concept of decentralized real time messaging, both to drive the continuous integration and delivery system and to document it.

Visit [Eiffel Community](https://eiffel-community.github.io) to get started and get involved.
